#h2 How To [Get Backlinks](https://seotaskfairy.com/services) To Your Porn Tube Website in 2021? By: Ronnie, SocialSEO ℅ https://seotaskfairy.com/services

Backlinks are one of the most important ranking factors for Google in 2020: Without decent backlinks, Google will not rank your website as high in search results as the sites that do. Before we dive into the best ways of building backlinks, first let’s explain what a backlink really is. According to Wiki “A backlink for a given web resource is a link from some other website to that web resource. A web resource maybe a website, web page, or web directory” In other words, anything that we/visitor/member shares online which has our website’s link in it i.e Twitter, Reddit, directory websites, forums and so on. Whenever our links appear online and are indexed by Google, we get a backlink. To keep it simple, there are two kinds of backlinks “Do-Follow” and “No-Follow” No-Follow – These are mostly social shares, forum posts, portfolios, etc. Backlinks with No-Follow attribute are considered less important when it comes to SEO ranking, but still, are a must-have. It’s a good practice to have Twitter & Reddit sharing buttons in a visible location to increase social shares aka the ”Social Signals”. These signals tell Google how popular/likable our content is on social platforms which in turn plays a role in growing the Domain Authority (DA). Quoted from MOZ “Domain Authority (DA) is a search engine ranking score developed by Moz that predicts how well a website will rank on search engine result pages (SERPs) on a 100-point logarithmic scale. Sites with a very large number of high-quality links are at the top end of the Domain Authority scale.” AKA The more relevant backlinks we have the higher we are going to rank. Do-Follow – Relevant links with a follow attribute play a crucial ranking role in 2020. What is a relevant backlink then? In simple terms, it’s a link that naturally occurs in a content related to your niche and comes from a website that has already established Domain Authority. A good example of a Quality Backlink is the one coming from an established porn review/directory website, a blog post or an article related to your niche. Let me show you how to actually get high-quality adult backlinks to your porn tube. Note – there are no such things as “free backlinks”, the process of building them, will either take your time or money. 1. Get your tube listed or reviewed on Porn directory/review websites. Go to Google and search for ”Best porn sites”, this will show you any relevant directory/review website. We are going to visit every single one of those websites and get the contact email address, it’s usually in the footer, copy the email address and proceed to the next one. Of course, instead of spending the next few hours collecting emails, you could just use the list I already made and it includes the emails for the top 10 pages of directory websites. By changing the search phrase to “top porn sites” or “best porn tube websites” will refresh results with new sites

#h2 Writing a proper email with an introduction, your site, your short story as to why and some stats. One of my first emails sent out and to this day a solid high-quality backlink.

The process for review websites looks different for each one. Most of the time you have to register an account, fill in webmasters profile page and request a review. My first ever quality backlink was from such a website, at adultsiteranking.com 2. Using Digital Market Places To Buy Quality Adult Back-Links. This is a pretty straight forward yet very effective method in link building. I’ve personally spent around XXX\$ just on my main tube and the results are outstanding and noticeable after around 2-3 months.

Register with Fiverr Search for “Adult backlinks”

You want to look for offers like “Powerful high DA 5 PBN Backlinks” the higher the DA the higher the price will be.

On average you should stick to around 20\$ orders, for 50+ DA domains ask for a demo link and always contact the seller before ordering, Register with SEOClerks Different design but same idea. SEOClerks service offers some amazing and cheap deals.

To complete either Fiverr or SEOClerks purchase you need to provide the keyword and the link at the check-out page.

Don’t underestimate these services as you can get some very good DA Quality niche backlinks for a cheap dollar. My highest DA links come from the paid services from the said digital market places.

This pretty much covers your Adult Backlink Strategy for today. Hope it helps in your rankings!
